Update sdk (#13)
slashml/slashml-python-client: README.md

# SLASHML Python client

> This is a Python client for SLASHML. It lets you run transcription jobs from your Python code or Jupyter notebook. Do a transcription job with three lines of code

Author: ```suggestion
This is a Python client for [SlashML](https://slashml.com). It lets you call machine learning APIs from your Python code or Jupyter notebook. 

Following is an example of how to do Transcription with 3 lines of code. 
```

```
import speechtotext

speect_to_text = speechtotext.SpeechToText()
transcribe_id= speect_to_text.transcribe(audio_url,service_provider="aws")

> status=speect_to_text.status(transcribe_id,service_provider=service_provider)

Author: wait for status to be `COMPLETED`

```
There is a daily limit (throttling) on the number of calls the user performs, transcription jobs can be done without specifying a token (API key). If the user intends on using the service more frequently, it is recommended to generate an token or API key from the dashboard @ [Slashml.com](https://www.slashml.com/).

Grab your token from [https://www.slashml.com/dashboard] (>settings> new api key) and authenticate by setting it as an environment variable (or when you initialize the service, see examples):
```
export SLASHML_API_KEY=[token]
```
or including it in your code as follows:
```

> import speechtotext

Author: I think this code is outdated
